Title: Grey-box | Wireless Access to Digital Resources in Remote Areas

Content: 


			
				

				
					
		
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				How do we make a difference?
			
				Grey-box provides offline and wireless access to digital resources in various environments and locations where internet access is unreliable. We believe that everyone should have access to the same tools and resources in order to empower themselves and their community. 

Our mission is to build accessible digital tools that promote autonomy and empowerment within communities located in remote areas – where the internet and electricity is unreliable.
				
				
				
				
				
			
			
				
				
				
				
			The main challenge remote or disconnected communities face is having the basic technological tools and resources to be connected. We take the best educational content available online such as Wikipedia and Khan Academy and put it in a portable device called UNI. UNI is an easy-to-use local hotspot that can be deployed anywhere in the field, thanks to our network of partners.
Our commitment is to keep each UNI device affordable, distribute worldwide, regardless of the environment, and provide access to quality content. We are dedicated to our mission to bridge the digital equity gap through reliable, economical, and collaborative resources.
				
				
			
								
																				
												
															EP10: Accountability and Transparency
								
									 The world is changing and we now have to prove that we are changing with it. Laws like GDPR is now legally holding organizations to higher standards when it comes to accountability, for example. As a social organization, how can we...								
																				
											
							
																				
												
															Georgia Special. Episode 9
								
									Within the mountain of Caucasus in Georgia, while volunteering for the One Caucasus festival, Grey-Box and Bande Pensante partnered up to present a podcast about what they discovered in the beautiful region of Kvemo-Kartli - a borderland...								
																				
											
							
																				
												
															EP8: Tech Trends to Watch For
								
									Moving quicker than we can count, technology is rapidly evolving every day. No matter how many Youtube videos or conferences you attend, we can only imagine what it has in store for us. As such, tech trends are the theme of this...								
																				
											
							
																				
												
															Tech Trends on the Rise. Episode 7
								
									It’s no surprise that with all the tech trends and new emerging platforms, it can be hard to keep up with the status quo. Technology stops for no one and neither do trends! At Grey-box, we are always keeping an eye out on what best...								
																				
											
							
																				
												
											
							
																				
												
															EP6: Women & Leadership
								
									In the last few years, the rise of women in leadership roles has slowly begun to set precedent for how companies should be conducting themselves when it comes to workplace inclusion and gender equity. As we see the impact of trailblazing...								
																				
											
							
																				
												
															EP5: Educational Tools & Support
								
									Introducing technology into educational systems definitely comes with its challenges. One of the main issues, much like any habit, is working towards incorporating it into your routine and making sure it's sustainable. How do we keep...								
																				
											
							
															The Ladders 100k+ Club: Scrum
								
									Do you know what Scrum is? CEO & Founder of Grey-Box, Valentin Kravtchenko, shares his thoughts on how using this framework can be used to succeed in managing your team! We know that project management can be overwhelming and can often consume more of your...								
																				
							
																				
												
															EP4: Are You Measuring Your Impact?
								
									In any given project, you are likely to face the roadblock of how to effectively communicate and assess organizational impacts. Given the amount of information and data collected every day, it can force you to re-evaluate how you process...								
																				
											
							
																				
												
															EP3: Is Internet a Basic Need?
								
									While having access to clean water and electricity are recognized as basic human necessities - Internet access is often left out. In 2016, the UN identified internet access as a human right, however, studies show that having access is...								
																				
											
				
						

				
				

			

